Patrick last Saturday the Topspiel
against the sc freiburg that was quite nice
heated the party or yes in any case
I think the number of cards that
speaks a clear language
but it is not unusual if so then
place 1 2 plays and because the
teams wanted to play the essential
win and we succeeded
from there heatedly back and forth the three
Points like to take with what was good where
it still a bit
potential for improvement in the future
yes i think when you see us
then played against ten man
we hope we do not need any
grieving when the opponent the
next time again has a place reference
that's always such a question yes
you often go back a bit
then if you think now it works
but only that and the case
very well
On the other hand , of course, it is seen in
the first half there was certainly
still air upwards quite defensive to 90
percent did very well, too
since a huge chance admitted that
then it does not have to be but after
the front would have been much more in it
but then it works too
to think perfectionist and of
so I think that we are
because very very good performance went down
to have
Now it is noticeable that you have so far
in all three league games always 0 10 0
You've been there at half past time
explanation for it
yes i just believe we are one piece
have become a bit more experienced
patient in our appearance too
So we try not play the
already decided the first 20 minutes
or decided against us
and to have somehow residue ago
to run but must go 90
minutes we have the power and the
stability also out the back of the game too
decide
and from that I think that's a whole
very important factor for us now
have learned
towards the second half and that brings
we are currently holding a new point
but comes the first fc Nuremberg the
So far, they have won 9th place at alba
once lost a team once played
is that a bit far
unpredictable opponent that there everything
can happen what is waiting for us there
I think the table space is now
not so meaningful we mean
Of course we are happy about that
can currently greet from above but if
now a new, partly twelfth or
or fifth so why not on the
table place to look always
to draw any conclusions from it
I think the FC Nürnberg is a very
playing awkward team
physically also very robust and have
a high individual quality in theirs
rows and yes there are well advised not to
think everything goes by itself and the
three points are already in the bag so we
have to work concentrated and so on
works go like the last weeks then
but also a very good chance
So that's the game to win
I have been optimistic so far
Now only 15,000 tickets are sold
actually still potential upwards
open or even there are still a few
days time and I think they are there
they always have great support
stadium so could never complain
in the past and especially we
We are also easy to look at
submit and then comes the mood
already by itself and I believe
if we then like a good result
then achieve least monday then
a home game again and then I think
the typical is still the number of spectators
still go upstairs
your tip is the next three points
in it
yes I hope so of course so I am
No friend of the thing is to say
sure by but i have the confidence
team in our own strength i
think proved very stable and therefore
I would not mind if we had the
keep three points